<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Dataflow:</div>- Optimized performance of the Exports page. Now, the page load time is less than or equal to 2 seconds.- Optimized performance of the Imports edit page. Now, the page load time is less than or equal to 2 seconds.- In the Dataflow > Import section, the progress bar disappears when the job gets triggered.- The grid on the Export page is sortable in either ascending or descending order correctly. Also, the search feature displays the results with case insensitive.- In the Dataflow > Import section, if a user unchecks any of the record checkboxes in the grid, the "Select all" checkbox will be automatically unchecked.<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Lakehouse:</div>- If a user performs CRUD operations on Dataflow ingested table using DBeaver/Databricks/other third-party tools, "Data completeness" and "Edited by" attribute values will get updated.- In the Dataflow > Transformation > Run history, error message displays for all failed models.- Data Completeness value gets updated when the user performs an UPDATE operation for internal and external LH table. - "Data Completeness" and "Total Records" are displayed on the page. <div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Resolve:</div>- The creation of tables for the Silver and Gold under Lakehouse > Databases after Resolve and Profile generation has been resolved.- ML full load displays the correct Match count for configured tables.- Optimized performance of the Map, and Merge page. Now, the page load time is less than or equal to 2 seconds.- Matched tables (Rule and ML match) display under the Silver tab in Lakehouse > Databases section.- Executions for the Rule match, ML match, and Merge are fixed.<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Predict:</div>- In the Sentiment analysis model, the overall customer sentiment count is displayed correctly.<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Activate:</div>- The bug is fixed for the new Audience creation.- The Audience table is displayed under the Gold tab. Previously, it was shown under the Bronze tab.- The execution of the Metrics pipeline is fixed.