# What's new in the SkyPoint platformWe're excited to announce our newest updates and releases! The release notes of the SkyPoint Modern Data Stack Platform include improvements to existing features, resolved issues, and new features that improve your experience with the platform.## All Production ReleasesThese release versions contain an overview of the new features, improvements, and fixes in the most recent releases of SkyPoint Cloud. For details about earlier releases, click [Previous releases](whats-new-skypoint.md).|Version|<div style={{width:"150px"}}>Release date</div>|Description|| :- | :- | :- ||[4.4.0](v4.4.0.md)|08-NOV-2022|<ul><li> Added profile filter ("Email approachable" or "Phone approachable") to create a quick audience.</li> <li> Real-time status update on Audience page.</li> <li> Usage of tables across all downstream processes.</li></ul> ||[4.3.0](v4.3.0.md)|18-OCT-2022|<ul><li> Real-time status updates for Exports, Audience, and Prediction models.</li> <li> Bulk Processing of Data Subject Request (DSR).</li> <li> Data ingestion through Delta Live Tables (DLT).</li> <li> Convert Pandas data frame into Spark data frames.</li></ul> ||[4.2.0](v4.2.0.md)|27-SEP-2022|<ul><li> Import connectors redesign. </li><li> Segregating data in Bronze, Silver, and Gold.</li> <li> Prediction model is migrated from Azure ML to Databricks using ML flow. </li><li> Net Promoter Score (NPS) calculation in Business Metrics.</li></ul> ||[4.1.0](v4.1.0.md)|06-SEP-2022|<ul><li> Auto provisioning of Lakehouse SQL during the instance creation. </li><li> Run history shows all stages of ingestion.</li></ul>||[4.0.0](v4.0.0.md)|23-AUG-2022|<ul><li> Removal of CDM dependency for all downstream processes to improve pipeline performance and stability.</li> <li> View profile card from Audience.</li> <li> Timeline creation from Audience.</li></ul>||[3.0.0](v3.0.0.md)|09-AUG-2022|The storage layer is restructured and organized into three layers named Bronze, Silver, and Gold.|[2.2.0](v2.2.0.md)|26-JUL-2022|<ul><li>Replaced the Standard cluster with an Automated cluster to support optimized autoscaling.</li> <li>Added Refresh personal access token in SQL Access to configure the expiry time for an access token.</li></ul>||[2.1.0](v2.1.0.md)|12-JUL-2022|<ul><li>Support Change Data Capture (CDC) in Lakehouse SQL.</li> <li>Added reason for the discarded entities in map tables under lakehouse. </li></ul>||[2.0.0](v2.0.0.md)|28-JUN-2022|<ul><li>Added access token to integrate with Visualization tools through Lakehouse SQL.</li><li>Refresh Hive metastore is added for syncing new entities in Lakehouse SQL.</li></ul>||[1.0.0](v1.0.0.md)|14-JUN-2022|SkyPoint Cloud Lakehouse made available for bidirectional integration with third party tools like Fivetran, Dbt, Power BI, Tableau, etc.|