# Release Version 1.0.0

The Release Version 1.0.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## Feature Updates

### SkyPoint Dataflow:
 - **SendGrid Export** - Support for SendGrid export connector has been added.
 - **Types** - User can view the sensitive labels used in creation of the the Profile. Graphical view makes it easy to have a consolidated view for labels and manage the sensitivity. 

### SkyPoint Studio:
 - **Help+Support** - User can now add mutliple attachments when raising a support ticket.

### SkyPoint Activate:
 - **Datetime support in Metrics variables** - User can now create datetime variables in metrics. This allows subtration and addition on datetime fields.

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:
 - **Deduplicated records from Map** - Duplicate records identified in Map process are now available under discarded Map entites.

### SkyPoint Predict:
 - **Sentiment Analysis graphical view** - Graphical view for Sentiment analysis member report highlight the number of members with positive, negative or neutral sentiment has been added. User can also view the overall sentiment of the customers, word cloud and change in sentiment over months in an year.

### SkyPoint Vault:
 - **Cascade bulk delete support** - User can now perform bulk delete for the entities, attributes and data.
 - **Semantic label mapping for attributes** - User can now add semantic labels for each attribute in vault.

### Settings and Administration:
 - **LakeHouse SQL** - Lakehouse SQL feature has been added under Instances which opens the SkyPoint platform for integrations with third party applications. An access token is generated for each instance which allows the user to connect to external tools like Power BI, Fivetran , Airbyte etc , use external transformation tools like DBT, use external export tools like Census, Hightouch etc, support real time processing using Snowplow or Spark streaming and utilize Lakehouse entities inside and outside SkyPoint Platform.