# Release Version 2.0.0

The Release Version 2.0.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## Resolved Issues
 
 ### SkyPoint Studio:
- Currency is now visible for Business Metric on the Dashboard when currency is enabled during metrics creation.
- Total count for customers in the profile for each run is now available on the Dashboard.

### SkyPoint Profile:
 - Values from the attributes of type "Reference.URL" in the entities is now available as a hyperlink in the Customers Page.
 - Sort order is maintained across pagination in the Customers page.

### SkyPoint Activate:
 - User can now multiselect Audience and run from the top panel.


## Feature Updates

### Settings and Administration:
 - **LakeHouse SQL - Refresh Hive metastore for syncing new entities** - A feature has been added to allow the sync for newly added entities from Dataflow to Hive metastore. User can click on Refresh option in Lakehouse SQL.
 - **Disable already enabled Lakehouse SQL** - Feature has been added to disable the Lakehouse SQL if already enabled and not in use.
 - **Integration with Visualization Tools through LakeHouse SQL** - With the access token visualization is now possible from [Lakehouse SQL to Power Bi and Tableau](visualizing.md) for visualizing the entities in SkyPoint Lakehouse.
 
### SkyPoint Vault:
 - **Persist the state of filters applied** - Feature has been added to maintain the state of the filters applied on the entity, attribute, and  data columns for the user session.

### SkyPoint Privacy:
 - **Reports redesign** - UI for the Reports section has been redesigned to highlight the aggregated view of the DSR's status within the date range selected by the user.

### SkyPoint Predict:
 - **Run history** - Run history has been added for Predictions.