# Release Version 2.1.0

The Release Version 2.1.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## Resolved Issues

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:
 - Filter and pagination inconsistency issues are fixed.
 - Intermittent occurrence of the save and cancel button on the entity page is fixed.
 - Tooltip added for the long entity-relationship names.

### SkyPoint Vault:
 - Error message duration increased to 20 seconds on the Vault page. Only one error is displayed at a time.

### SkyPoint Profile:
 - Profile Graph removed from UI.

### SkyPoint Predict:
 - Edit option has been disabled for already running prediction model.
 

## Feature Updates

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:
 - **New location for LakeHouse SQL** - The Lakehouse SQL tab from Settings > Instances has been shifted under the Lakehouse and named SQL Access.
 - **Change Data Capture support in SQL Access**: Lakehouse SQL supports data modification (ingest/delete/update) from the Lakehouse entities. Any entity data   change made through Lakehouse SQL will be synched to Lakehouse. The update is possible for the same entity name (case-sensitive) using Change Data Capture (CDC).
 - **Disable option for SQL Access**- On clicking the Disable button, a user gets a dialog box to deactivate the Lakehouse SQL connection.  
 - **Discarded entities reason** - Discarded entities reason added for every record in Map entity.


### SkyPoint Empower:  
 - **Pending for review DSR's in Reports** – User can view the DSR requester email and view the pending DSR's with expiry dates under Empower>Reports. 

### SkyPoint Activate:
 - **Add attributes in view member under Audience**- Users can add attributes in the view member page of Audience even if the result set of filters applied is empty. 
 - **Preserve filter state in view member Audience page**- The filter selection is preserved across pages and refreshes for view member page under Audience.
 - **Multiple Audience download** - The file name for multiple Audience download has been set as "Audiences.zip". All individual audiences are available with the original names under the zip file.