# Release Version 2.2.0

The Release Version 2.2.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## Resolved Issues

### SkyPoint Dashboard:

- **Metrics widget** - Business Metrics have been fixed to show the value instead of the number of metrics.

### SkyPoint Dataflow:

- **Cent to dollar conversion** - Datatypes related to amount have been modified to support cents to dollar conversion for Square connector.  

### SkyPoint Resolve:

- **Incremental run in Map** – The Map incremental failure is caused when any new entity is added and the user proceeds for Map incremental run. The issue is fixed, and the user can run the Map incremental after adding a new entity.  

### SkyPoint Activate:

- **Pagination inconsistency in the Audience** – When the user opens the next page, the selected audience is changed after sorting. The pagination inconsistency after sorting is fixed. The audience selected on the next page remains the same.

### SkyPoint Help+Support:

- **Sorting based on the latest message** - The user message was not correctly sorted in UI. Earlier, sorting the message was based on a modified date, so now the sorting is done based on created date.
- **Reply to the customer** – The error message "customer account not found" was shown for the SkyPoint support team. The bug is fixed and allows the SkyPoint specialist to add the reply to the ticket.

### Settings and Administration:

- Redesign for the session timeout pop-up screen.
- Corrected typo error in session timeout pop-up message.



## Feature Updates

### SkyPoint Dataflow:

- **Attribute selection for the SendGrid connector** – The user can do mapping and export only the selected attributes for the SendGrid connector. For additional attributes, added the "Custom" field.  
- **Added column in Types** – Added new column "Used in map" that shows the value "Yes" or "No". It allows users to select and delete only those custom labels which are not used in the Map process.

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:

- **Replaced the Standard cluster with an Automated cluster** - Automated cluster supports Optimized autoscaling. Created a link service in Azure Data Factory (ADF) to point to the automated job cluster instead of the standard cluster. Also, upgraded Databricks to the latest version.
- **Refresh personal access token in SQL Access** – The user can generate a personal access token for accessing the lakehouse entities. Users can configure the expiry time for an access token and the default expiry time is set to 90 days. An alert message starts displaying 7 days prior to access token expiration.
- **Reason for removing duplicated records** - Added reason for removing duplicated records from entities in Map under Lakehouse > Entities > Discarded\_entity. It helps users to understand which records were removed and for what reason.

### SkyPoint Activate:

- **Read metrics entities from Lakehouse** – Metrics data is now loaded directly from Delta tables instead of ACS leading to performance improvement.
- **Decimal value in the Metrics** - The decimal values display up to 2-digit place after the decimal, for example, 24.68, 158.68.

### SkyPoint Empower:

**UI redesign in the DSR section**

- Date review completed and reason for denial columns are removed from Open Requests page.
- Review in time column data sync with Time to expiry column of DSR feature for Open Requests.
- Pop-up headers include their respective column names.  