# Release Version 4.4.19The Release Version 4.4.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.## Feature Updates### SkyPoint Dashboard:- **Profile filter to create a quick audience** – A filter option is added on the Dashboard > Profile to filter on "Email approachable" or "Phone approachable" customers. Users can filter and select create audience option to create a quick audience.### SkyPoint Lakehouse:- **Usage of tables across all solutions** – When tables are ingested through Lakehouse SQL, data is synched across all downstream processes, such as map, match, merge, relationships, timelines, enrichment, predictions, audience, and metrics. Also, the columns added from Alter query to any existing table are getting reflected with data under the Databases > Tables.- **Added tables for the Sentiment model** – Added new columns in the Databases to show sentiment (positive, negative, neutral) and ratings. To view the sentiment analysis and ratings, go to Lakehouse > Databases > Gold. Select the sentiment table and click the Data tab to view the sentiment and rating.### SkyPoint Resolve:- **Execute the latest match process** – Earlier, the application was saving the last saved configuration and the match rules were getting overwritten which resulted in failure. Users can now run the Rule match and save the ML match or vice-versa. Only the last executed match type will be applied to create the profiles.### SkyPoint Activate:- **Display all tables under Business metrics** – The user can see all tables in the business metrics. To add tables, you can select the tables from the drop-down list.- **Log standardization for Metrics** - Log standardization for Metrics is added. Now the Run history has all the details related to a step performed by the system. Users can see the log standardization under Metrics > Run history.- **Real-time status update on Audience page** – When the user performs actions such as run, the audience page displays the real-time status (in progress, completed, canceled) and list of members. Users can see the status getting updated as per the actions taken which was slow earlier.### SkyPoint Empower:- **Details of failed DSR** – The reason for the failed DSR is added under Action > Detail. The user can view the failure reason of a DSR and rectify it if needed.- **Details of Failed/Partially completed DSR** – A new tab "Failed/Partially completed" is added to the DSR page. Based on the status of the DSR, the user can view the reason for failure/partially completed DSR under Action > Detail and rectify it if needed.    - Failed DSR: Validation failed, and data is not updated in any of the connectors.    - Partially completed DSR: Data is updated in one or more connectors, but not all.- **Email notification for Failed/Partially processed DSR** – When the DSR is failed or partially completed, an email will be sent to the client's email with detailed information.- **Update Inaccuracies** – Users can now select the attributes for Update inaccuracy from Data map > PII map. The selected attributes if mapped in the Map process are available for selection under the update inaccuracies tab of the Privacy center.- **Option to add Data and Metadata** – The user has the option to add a comma-separated list from the metadata option under Privacy center > Update inaccuracies in SkyPoint studio. Similarly, If the user wants to use a list of items from an API, then the data option can be selected.### SkyPoint Help+Support:- **Ticket creation and ownership** – When a user creates or updates a ticket in the Help+Support section, the case contact is the user who created or updated the support ticket instead of the primary account holder.- **Optional Instance and Product fields** - The instance and product fields are optional and selected by default to the instance from which the ticket is created.### Settings and Administration:- **Naming convention for the Storage account** – The naming convention is defined for the storage account. It helps to quickly identify the resource type, workload, environment, and instance.- **Removal of CDM folders** – CDM folders are removed from the storage accounts of all tenants to improve pipeline performance and stability.- **Update Tenant Activity stream on instance deletion** – If the user deletes any instance, all records will be captured and displayed in the activity stream of the Platform Settings > Log.