# Release version 5.0.0

The Release version 5.0.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## Feature updates

### SkyPoint Dataflow:

- **Added search field in the dropdown** – Each dropdown option has a type-able field. Users can type in the text to search in the dropdown and select the desired value such as attributes from the list with ease & fast.
- **SQL connector updated to Delta 2.0** - The Dataverse connector has been refactored for the delta protocol version upgrade.
- **Setup instructions for connectors** – A setup instruction is added to the connector’s configuration page to avoid referring to any other document. Users can see complete instructions on setting up the connections in Dataflow > Imports. The setup instruction is integrated for the following connectors:
  - Google Cloud Storage
  - Klaviyo
  - Shopify
  - Square

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:

- **Modify columns in Dataverse** – It is now possible to modify and drop any column in Dataverse through an external tool like DBeaver. CDC has been enabled for the same and the results get reflected in the Lakehouse.

### SkyPoint Master Data:

- **Multiple timeline journeys per instance** – Users can add multiple timeline journeys coming from numerous data sources, for example, In-patient journey, Medication journey, Order journey, Feedback journey, etc., and view the same on the Profile details page per profile.
- **Default journey** – The existing timelines are grouped under "Default journey". Users can edit and rename the "Default journey" to a corresponding journey.

### SkyPoint Predict:

- **Added RFM model** – RFM (Recency, Frequency, Monetary value) model is added under Predict > Built-In. It helps to identify the most important types of customers by grouping them and giving scores to their Recency, Frequency, and Monetary values. The user has two options to configure the model as follows:
  - Default- The system automatically groups the entire data set into 5 buckets of 20 percentile each.
  - Custom- Users can decide the percentile as per the requirement.

  After running the model, the RFM table gets created in the Lakehouse under the Gold database.

### SkyPoint Empower:

- **Added country list** – The country list is added to the privacy center website. By default, it displays in alphabetical order, but the order can be configured based on requirements. Also, the State field gets auto-populated based on the country selected.
- **Country code** – A country calling code is mandatory for the phone number entered in the field.
- **Update inaccuracies** – Following changes are done on the Update inaccuracy page:
  - The "Order" column is added for the user to set the sequence in which the fields should get displayed on the Update inaccuracy page.
  - Regex validation is added to set the regex expression for validating the text in the "Advanced settings". Users can add the regex expression for any attribute. Any value not present in a regex will be shown as an error on the web page.
  - Country calling code is mandatory for the phone number entered in the field.
  - Date of Birth (DOB) validation is done in the date picker. The maximum value for a date is the current date shown in the date picker.

### Settings and Administration:

- **Renaming of Instance/Tenant** – After renaming, the Instance/Tenant name list will get updated in the banner without doing a hard refresh.
- **Migration of Databricks standard workspace** – Databricks standard workspace of QA environment is migrated to Azure West US 3 region.
- **Restructuring of documentation** – Documentation is deployed from the storage account to a static web application and the custom domain is changed to docs.skypointcloud.com.
- **Bug fixed** - Security hot spots, blockers, and a few critical bugs tagged by Sonar Qube part of SICDPAzureDatabricks and SICDPTenantApp repos have been fixed.

## Resolved issues

### SkyPoint Studio:
- Earlier, the user information was not displayed in the user list. This issue is fixed, and the user is displayed in the user list.
- Failing of the ADLS pipeline is fixed. 
### SkyPoint Dataflow:
- The data relay SQL server run process failed. This bug is fixed, and the data relay SQL server is executed successfully.
- Loading of tables in the Data tab under Lakehouse > Databases is fixed. The data will be reflected in the Data tab.
- Failing of import is fixed for Klaviyo, and all the Klaviyo import pipelines are completed successfully.
- Data import failed for the Shopify connector. This failure was due to the endpoint missing in the APIM. The issue is resolved, and the pipelines run successfully.
### SkyPoint Lakehouse:
- Spellings and sentences are corrected on the account setup page.
- The Square order line item is updated and will have all tables and attributes.
- APIM refresh\_personal\_access\_token function is added to refresh the Personal access token.
- Failure of a new tenant creation is resolved.

### SkyPoint Resolve:
- ML match algorithm was creating clusters based on null values. This issue is fixed, and the ML match algorithm will not be calculated based on null values.
- Map failed with the CDM mapping error resolved, and the pipeline run is completed without any issues.
- Full match run with persistent ID displayed zero records. The bug is fixed. The data is accurate after the execution of a full ML match with a persistent ID.
### SkyPoint Master Data:
- Timeline failure is resolved after schema changes.
- ACS Refresh is fixed, and users can view their profiles.
- Earlier, the Profile details page took more than 10 seconds to load. This feature is optimized and will not take more than 3 seconds to display.

### SkyPoint Predict:
- When the user canceled the Prediction model, it displayed an error message "Name or service not known". This was due to migration from Azure ML. This bug is fixed, and the user can cancel the Prediction model.
- Failure of the Sentiment analysis model is fixed. The Sentiment analysis model runs successfully with or without the Stitch process.
### SkyPoint Activate:
- The metrics failure is resolved. The metrics created using Audience as a table are executed successfully.
- The run issue for the Audience is fixed, and it will get completed after execution.
- For the Audience page, users can manually enter the column name or tooltip to display the full column name.
### SkyPoint Empower:
- The sorting issue for the Empower label is fixed and it will be sorted alphabetically.
- On the Update Inaccuracies page, the loading bar was not visible. This issue has been resolved, and the loading bar now appears when you open the Update Inaccuracies page.
- The Order option of the Empower labels is fixed; users can choose the order in which the fields appear in the privacy center.

## Open issues

|Issue|Severity|Acceptance|<div style="width:100px">Reference</div>|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|Update CDP to MDSP.|High|Update CDP to MDSP in all applications under Automate.|[BUG 24115](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/24115)|
|Duplicate profile cards are created for the same rule match condition.|High|A single profile card should be created with the same rule match condition.|[BUG 26093](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/26093)|
|Metrics failed after the execution.|High|Metrics should display the correct values after execution.|[BUG 26878](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/26878)|
|Unable to complete the Merge process.|High|The Merge should be completed successfully.|[BUG 26920](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/26920)|
|Unable to create a primary key constraint in a table from DBeaver.|High|In a table, the user should create a primary key.|[BUG 27157](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27157)|
|The suggestive Audience pipeline failed.|High|The suggestive Audience pipeline should be completed successfully.|[BUG 27165](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27165)|
|The Data tab under Databases shows column names with spaces.|High|The table should show the actual column names from Delta without space.|[BUG 27186](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27186)|
|Naming standards of the sicdpstage B2C resource name.|High|Use proper naming convention - requires migration to new B2C. |[BUG 27261](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27261)|
|The DSR dashboard shows expired DSRs and inaccurate information.|High|It should display accurate information.|[BUG 27438](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27438)|
|The audience status is wrong.|High|It should show the correct status. |[BUG 27439](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27439)|
|The data tab is too slow (15 times slower than Dbeaver).|High|Parity to DBeaver (under 3 seconds to lead).|[BUG 28049](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28049)|
|In the Timelines configuration, the description shows fewer attributes of the table.|High|It should show all the attributes present in the table.|[BUG 28051](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28051)|
|The audience count always shows 1.|Critical|It should display the correct value after execution.|[BUG 28125](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28125)|
