# Release version 5.1.0

Release version 5.1.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## [Feature updates](#tab/tabid-1)

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:

- **External table creation in Lakehouse with the user-defined name** – The user-defined name for the external table created via external sources like DBeaver using Lakehosue SQL is used in Lakehouse > Databases > Bronze layer. All downstream processes like Map, Match, Merge, Timelines, Metrics, Audience, Enrichment, and Predict work with externally created tables.
- **Total records count for externally ingested tables** - The total records count attribute is populated for tables created through external tools using the Lakehouse SQL endpoint.

### SkyPoint Master Data:

- **Support organization name in profile cards heading** – Support is added for the organization name if the person's name is missing. In the absence of full name and first name, the profile card will display the organization's name. 
- **UI changes on the Add relationship page** – Users can set up relationships between the transactional table and the Master Data table.

### SkyPoint Predict:

- **Added RFM model view page** - Users can view the RFM (recency, frequency, and monetary) page to get insights from the RFM model. With the view page, you can identify your most valuable customers, and target your marketing and sales efforts toward these customers. Also, you can create a quick audience from the RFM model.
- **Custom filter for the Sentiment analysis model** – Users can add any attributes during the sentiment model setup to be applied as a filter on the view page. On a successful run, the user can filter the results based on the filter values.

### SkyPoint Activate:

- **Added SQL query editor in Audience** – Users can add the audiences from the SQL query editor. The SQL query editor allows users to write and execute SQL (Structured Query Language) statements. Selecting multiple checkboxes on the listing page, the user can run multiple audiences created by SQL queries.
- **Added DateTime option in Metrics** – Users can add variables in Metrics for calculation between DateTime attributes of different DateTime formats. Earlier, the same DateTime format was supported.

### SkyPoint Empower:

- **Updated email template editor** – Included an option to add an HTML editable page. The spacing is arranged correctly.
- **Verify Email functionality** - Verify Email functionality is added for changes made to the existing templates. A textbox & button is added to verify the email template. Once clicked, it triggers an email to the requested email id.

### Settings and Administration:

- **Updated SQL Access UI and the JDBC URL** – In SQL access, JDBC driver details are updated from Databricks. The new JDBC driver from Databricks is much faster. A serverless cluster starts in a couple of seconds and Query results come more quickly.
- **Lakehouse SQL endpoint** - Shared serverless Lakehouse SQL endpoint is used for data retrieval in SkyPoint Studio.
- **Upgraded Databricks runtime to 11.3 LTS** - Databricks runtime version is upgraded to 11.3 LTS version.
- **Clean-up Develop environment** – Develop environment is cleaned up for tenants and instances which are not in use and respective Databricks unused tables, clusters, workspaces, and SQL warehouses.
- **Databricks premium workspace migration** – In the Develop environment, Databricks premium workspace is migrated from skypoint-dbx-premium-dev to dbws-eng-dep-dev-wu-002.
- **Delta optimization** - Z-ordering and bloom filter is applied on all tables to improve delta optimization across all notebooks.
- **CDM text removal** - CDM text has been removed from pipeline parameters and cosmos parameters.

## [Resolved issues](#tab/tabid-2) 

### SkyPoint Dataflow:

- External source tables are shown in Dataflow.
- On the Exports > Destinations page, the Action button list is available even after the sorting is applied.
- Performance of the Data tab is improved. The average response time is reduced to 2342ms from 5086ms.
- Importing data using the Google BigQuery connector is fixed.

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:

- Community and CommunityReviewLookup external tables display data under the data tab.
- After the protocol version upgrade, the CURD operation is executed with Lakehouse ingested table and external Lakehouse SQL table.
- Total records for external tables get updated under Lakehouse > Databases when CURD operations such as insert and delete are executed.
- The table shows the actual column names from Delta without space.

### SkyPoint Master Data:

- If "Add attributes" get failed, the system displays an error message on the banner.
- When a timeline journey runs (default or new), the user can see a popup to select incremental or full run.

### SkyPoint Predict:

- The "See all recommendations" option was not working under Product recommendation > View Prediction. This issue is fixed, and you can fetch all the top 3 recommendations for the customer.
- RFM Model pipeline failed when the RFM model was created with a default bucket size. This was due to a JSON serialization issue; different property was passed from Schedular Pipeline. This issue is fixed, and the RFM Model pipeline is completed when the model is created with the default and custom bucket size.

### SkyPoint Activate:

- Audience from SQL was showing an error message "Some Error Occurred" for Lakehouse SQL external table. The error was due to the semicolon available under query. This issue has been fixed, and the audience creation using the SQL editor is completed successfully.
- Audience page shows the correct count of members.
- "Save" and "Save & Run" buttons are added to the preview pop-up page.
- On editing the Audience name in the SQL editor page, the Name text box is disabled.

### SkyPoint Empower:

- Users can update the Data processing activities successfully.
- Images are displayed correctly on the email templates.

### SkyPoint Help+Support:

- Help+support track request link navigates to the correct location.

## [Open issues](#tab/tabid-3)

|Issue|Severity|Acceptance|<div style="width:100px">Reference</div>|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|Unable to load metrics|High|Metrics should display the values as needed.|[BUG 26878](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/26878)|
|Create primary key|High|Users should be able to create a primary key in a table.|[BUG 27157](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27157)|
|Display message for the closed case |High|A message should populate informing the case is marked as closed. |[BUG 27329](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27329)|
|Column name remains static in the Data view page|High|Column names should change after changing columns.|[BUG 27963](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/27963)|
|Performance of the dashboard page|High|Improve the performance of the dashboard page. Page load time < = 2 seconds.|[BUG 28296](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28296)|
|Performance of the database page|High|Improve the performance of the database page. Page load time < = 2 seconds.|[BUG 28299](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28299)|
|Performance issue of Master Data|High|Improve the performance of the Master Data. Page load time < = 2 seconds. |[BUG 28314](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28314)|
|Performance issue of the metric list page|High|Improve the performance of the metric list page. Page load time < = 2 seconds.|[BUG 28324](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28324)|
|Performance issue of the audience view page|High|Improve the performance of the audience view page. Page load time < = 2 seconds.|[BUG 28325](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28325)|
|Set incremental active for timelines|High|<p>A popup should be displayed for a Full/Incremental run.</p>|[BUG 28540](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28540)|
|Downloading CSV for the audience|High|Users should be able to download the CSV files for the selected audiences.|[BUG 28661](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28661)|
|Message on prediction models view page|High|If there is no data available, then it should show "Data not available" on the view page.|[BUG 28662](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28662)|  

---

