# Release version 6.2.0

Release version 6.2.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## [Feature updates](#tab/tabid-1)

### SkyPoint Master Data:

- **Search field added in the dropdown** – For timelines journey, a search field is added to the dropdown menu. Each dropdown menu has a type-able field. Users can type in the search field and select the desired value such as attributes from the list with ease and fast.
- **Profile card changes** – The UI of profile cards has been improved to solve the alignment issues when users expand or collapse the cards. When users expand the card, entire row is expanded, and similar behavior is seen for collapse. The design has been made responsive to page width.
- **View multiple master profiles** – Users can select master data from the dropdown list on the "Profiles" page.

### SkyPoint Predict:

- **Added topic modeling** – SkyPoint supports comprehensive sentiment analysis (sentiment model and topic modeling) solutions to get the most actionable insights from feedback, reviews, and surveys. Topic modeling is added in the sentiment analysis model section. Two graphs are added for topic modeling on the view page:
  - Aspects of volume
  - Aspects with a percentage distribution of positive, negative, and neutral reviews.

  **Note:** To visualize the topic modeling on the view page, select a checkbox on the configuration page.

- **Added filter on sentiment model view page** – Users can apply filters to choose parameters on the "Sentiment analysis & topic modeling" view page. Based on the parameters selected on the configuration page, you can filter and see these parameters on the view page.
- **Create audience from the prediction models** - Users can create a quick audience from the following prediction models view page:
  - Customer churn model
  - Product recommendation model
  - Customer Lifetime Value (CLV) model

### Settings and Administration:

- **Migration of hive\_metastore to Unity Catalog** – Following tenants/instances are migrated from hive\_metastore to Unity Catalog:
  - Generations-Sandbox
  - SkyPoint Group- Healthcare
- **SQL editor optimization** – SQL editor is optimized from the data aspect across the application.
- **Optimization for Delta tables** - Delta tables are optimized for read-write operations.

## [Resolved issues](#tab/tabid-2)

### SkyPoint Dataflow:

- The successful message banner is displayed after saving or adding new imports or prediction models.
- ADF core\_import\_mssql\_dataflow is executed successfully, and data is available in Delta Lake and visible under Lakehouse > Databases > Bronze.

### SkyPoint Lakehouse:

- Ingested tables are available for users when connecting using a JDBC connection and Personal access token. 
- Earlier, duplicate entry created for external tables using the SELECT statement. This issue is fixed, and the Lakehouse table view page displays one entry of the table.
- All the columns for the map table are synced with Databricks.

### SkyPoint Resolve:

- Users can save and use the added attributes through Lakehouse SQL external tables under Resolve > Map to process the incremental load in Rule match and ML match.

### SkyPoint Predict:

- For the sentiment analysis model, add icon is disabled until the user enters the data in the first parameters.
- Sentiment model is renamed to "Sentiment analysis & topic modeling".
- "Category" and "Sentiment rating" columns are displayed on the grid for the topic modeling view page.

## [Open issues](#tab/tabid-3)


|Issue|Severity|Acceptance|<div style={{width:"100px"}}>Reference</div>|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|Optimize the performance of the database page|High|Improve the performance of the database page. Page load time < = 2 seconds.|[BUG 28299](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28299)|
|Manually run Hive Metastore Refresh every time|High|Data should be available to the user for newly ingested tables or inherited tables.|[BUG 28732](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28732)|
|Manually created relationships are not populated for prediction|High|Relationship details should be populated when the user selects the table on the "Add Relationship" page.|[BUG 29566](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/29566)|
|Total record count |High|The total record count should get updated on the page when the user performs DELETE or INSERT operation from Lakehouse SQL. |[BUG 29696](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/29696)|
|Deletion of tenant/instance|High|Deletion of the tenant should delete respective storage, Cosmos, Unity Catalog/Schema/Tables, and SQL warehouse.|[BUG 29698](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/29698)|
|Number of profiles in profile table and profiles page|High|The number of profile counts displayed should be the same as the table record count.|[BUG 29916](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/29916)|  

---


