# Release version 6.3.0

Release version 6.3.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## [Feature updates](#tab/tabid-1)

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">SkyPoint Dataflow:</div>
 

- **Added Snowflake DLT integration** - New connector support added for Snowflake in Dataflow > imports. Users can import the Snowflake tables of Sherpa CRM via DLT.

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">SkyPoint Resolve:</div>

- **Refactor Rule match** – Rule match is refactored in the current rules, and conditions for stats calculation to improve accuracy. After the refactoring, Rule match stats display accurate match percentage and count.
- **Added Type in master data** - Users can select the master data type (community, resident, product, patient, etc.) from the dropdown list. For example, the "Resident" master data type can be used to classify and store information about senior living residents of a particular area or community and manage their care level, medications, and other details.

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">SkyPoint Activate:</div>

- **Autosuggestion in a SQL editor for Audience creation** – SQL editor for audience creation has been enabled for autosuggestion for tables and associated columns. Column-level alias is allowed. Table-level alias is not allowed.

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">Settings and administration:</div>

- **Optimize performance** - Page load time is less than or equal to 2 seconds. Performance has been improved for the following sections:
  - Dataflow > Exports
  - Lakehouse > Databases
- **Configure a schedule for master data** – Users can set the schedule for the master data (e.g., daily, weekly, monthly). Once the schedule is set up, it will automatically run at the specified schedules and update the master data.

  **Note:** For now, schedules can be defined only for the default master data type. Support for schedules for all types of master data will be available soon.

- **Fixed blocker bugs in SICDPServices** - Blocker bugs logged in SonarQube for the SICDPServices repo are fixed.

## [Resolved issues](#tab/tabid-2)

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">SkyPoint Lakehouse:</div>

- Total record count will be updated in the UI when the user performs DELETE or INSERT operation from the Lakehouse SQL.
- Relationship > Visualizer page loads data successfully. All the content and functionality are displayed and accessible to the user, and the performance is smooth and responsive. 

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">SkyPoint Resolve:</div>

- Enabling intelligent mapping will update labels for the existing attributes. It provides a smart prediction of semantics, saves time, and improves accuracy.
- The "View clusters" in ML match displays the graph. Users can apply the filter to view the results such as SkyPoint id, phone number, last modified date, etc.

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">SkyPoint Master Data:</div>

- Age column under Master Data >Profiles > Profile details page will be calculated based on the date of birth.

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">SkyPoint Predict:</div>

- For Sentiment analysis & topic modeling, unsaved data will not be displayed in the parameters fields of "Add Customer Data". The system will automatically refresh the unsaved data.
- Starting letters of neutral and negative words in the Sentiment analysis graph will be displayed without any trimming.
- The left navigation pane will not disappear when the user clicks and opens the prediction models.

<div style= "font-size:20px; font-weight:600; line-height:1.8;margin:15px">Settings and administration:</div>

- The tenant page loads when the user has one tenant access.


## [Open issues](#tab/tabid-3)


|Issue|Severity|Acceptance|<div style="width:100px">Reference</div>|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|ML match count after full load|High|Include statistics in the ML Match count to improve the accuracy.|[BUG 29656](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/29656)|
|Last refresh date shows an incorrect value|High|The last refresh date should be correct.|[BUG 29789](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/29789)|
|Silver and Gold tables|High|Tables in the "Silver" and "Gold" databases should be created after the MDM (resolve, profile) process.|[BUG 30598](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30598)|
|Error in ALTER RENAME and DROP COLUMN queries|High|The ALTER RENAME and DROP COLUMN queries for Lakehouse ingested tables should be executed successfully and the changes should be reflected in the user interface.|[BUG 30709](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30709)|
|Data completeness after CRUD operations|High|"Data completeness" and "Edited by" attribute values should get updated if a user performs CRUD operations on Dataflow ingested table using DBeaver/Databricks/other third-party tools.|[BUG 30858](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30858)|  

---





