# Release version 7.0.0

Release version 7.0.0 includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## [Feature updates](#tab/tabid-1)

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Resolve:</div>

- **Allow the same priority for multiple attributes in ML match** – ML Match enables users to assign equal priority to multiple attributes for exact matching, with the combination of fields used for comparison. If records do not match with the exact combination, fuzzy matching is performed using a different set of semantic labels.
- **Add exceptions in the ML match** - ML match allows you to exclude certain records from being matched based on specific criteria. Adding exceptions in the ML match is to handle false positives and improve the accuracy of the match results.
- **Disable Incremental run for unmapped Last Modified Date field** - Disable "Incremental Run" if the "Last.Modified.Date" field is not mapped for any tables involved in the Map or Match (Rule and ML match) processes.

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Predict:</div>

- **Search field added in the dropdown** – For prediction models, a search field is added to the dropdown menu. Each dropdown menu has a type-able field. Users can type in the search field and select the desired value such as attributes from the list with ease and fast.
- **Text changes in Topic modeling** – On the configuration page, the following texts are renamed:	
  - Parameter -> Filter
  - Customer table -> Customer details

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Empower:</div>

- **Prevent unauthorized access to PII data** - For users with no access, viewing PII data within the following table fields under Lakehouse is prohibited:
  - DOB
  - PII fields in the Match table  

<div className="v6_3_0_p">Settings and administration:</div>  

- **Added SkyPointGPT** - SkyPoint Studio added a new feature to the Modern Data Stack Platform (MDSP) that allows you to use AI-powered conversation on a wide range of topics. It is designed to enable users to engage in natural language conversations and gain a more intelligent and responsive conversation experience.
- **Domain selection in instance** - Users can add the domain to the business at the instance level in SkyPoint Studio. Domain dropdown displays values - Retail, Senior living, Health care, Default, and Hospitality in ascending order. Also, users can request the SkyPoint support team to add new values to this list based on their specific requirements.
- **Upgrade Libraries/Packages in SkyPoint Studio** - Updated libraries and packages used in SkyPoint Studio to the latest version to ensure optimal performance and security.
- **Optimize data completeness for tables** - Data completeness will be computed when "Insert" and "Delete" statements are used to add new records or delete existing records in an existing table.
- **DLT integration from MySQL** – Users can import the data from the MySQL server via DLT and use these tables in downstream processes.

## [Resolved issues](#tab/tabid-2)

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Dataflow:</div>

- Optimized performance of the Exports page. Now, the page load time is less than or equal to 2 seconds.
- Optimized performance of the Imports edit page. Now, the page load time is less than or equal to 2 seconds.
- In the Dataflow > Import section, the progress bar disappears when the job gets triggered.
- The grid on the Export page is sortable in either ascending or descending order correctly. Also, the search feature displays the results with case insensitive.
- In the Dataflow > Import section, if a user unchecks any of the record checkboxes in the grid, the "Select all" checkbox will be automatically unchecked.

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Lakehouse:</div>

- If a user performs CRUD operations on Dataflow ingested table using DBeaver/Databricks/other third-party tools, "Data completeness" and "Edited by" attribute values will get updated.
- In the Dataflow > Transformation > Run history, error message displays for all failed models.
- Data Completeness value gets updated when the user performs an UPDATE operation for internal and external LH table. 
- "Data Completeness" and "Total Records" are displayed on the page. 

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Resolve:</div>

- The creation of tables for the Silver and Gold under Lakehouse > Databases after Resolve and Profile generation has been resolved.
- ML full load displays the correct Match count for configured tables.
- Optimized performance of the Map, and Merge page. Now, the page load time is less than or equal to 2 seconds.
- Matched tables (Rule and ML match) display under the Silver tab in Lakehouse > Databases section.
- Executions for the Rule match, ML match, and Merge are fixed.

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Predict:</div>

- In the Sentiment analysis model, the overall customer sentiment count is displayed correctly.

<div className="v6_3_0_p">SkyPoint Activate:</div>

- The bug is fixed for the new Audience creation.
- The Audience table is displayed under the Gold tab. Previously, it was shown under the Bronze tab.
- The execution of the Metrics pipeline is fixed.


## [Open issues](#tab/tabid-3)


|Issue|Severity|Acceptance|<div style={{width:"100px"}}>Reference</div>|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|Rollback feature|High|The Rollback feature in the Dataflow section should work.|[BUG 28145](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/28145)|
|Remove old tables from the Map page|High|The old tables which are no longer part of ingestion should not exist in Master Data Management (MDM).|[BUG 29520](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/29520)|
|Display Profile tables in the Lakehouse|High|The user should be able to see the Profile tables in Lakehouse if the unification has run.|[BUG 30553](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30553)|
|Error while creating a blank audience using a SQL|High|Users should be able to create an Audience using SQL queries.|[BUG 30570](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30570)|
|Performance issue for the View Cluster page|High|Page load time should be less than 1 sec.|[BUG 30603](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30603)|
|Record Exports with filters|High|Exports that are displayed in the grid, only those records pipeline should be started.|[BUG 30723](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30723)|
|Lakehouse provision|High|Lakehouse provision should be successful after new Tenant/Instance creation.|[BUG 30946](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/30946)|
|Unable to delete the instance|High|The instance should be deleted. |[BUG 31192](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/31192)|
|Audience execution|High|The execution of the Audience should be completed successfully.|[BUG 31356](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/31356)|
|CDC setup|High|Create a table command for external tables and execute it. Tables should be displayed in the Lakehouse.|[BUG 31406](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/31406)|
|Examples in the SkyPointGPT|High|When clicking on any of the examples listed on the SkyPointGPT page, the example should auto-populate in the text box for search.|[BUG 31443](https://dev.azure.com/skypointgroup/skypoint/_workitems/edit/31443)|



